[Clang][ASTMatcher] Add `dependentTemplateSpecializationType` AST mat… (#121435)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Add ``dependentNameType`` matcher to match a dependent name type.

> - Add ``dependentTemplateSpecializationType`` matcher to match dependent template specialization types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ``dependentTemplateSpecializationType`` matcher to match a dependent template specialization type.
```

The same in `clang/docs/LibASTMatchersReference.html` and `clang/include/clang/ASTMatchers/ASTMatchers.h`

Author: Got it! Thank you for your correction!
